For Ember Times No. 117 - EmberCamp Catchup (#287)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-09-27-the-ember-times-issue-117.md

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

> ## [Accessibility, Compiler Secrets and Modern Ember @ EmberCamp 🐹](#section-url)

Reviewer: Here, maybe link to EmberCamp website?

Author: Yes, sounds good :+1:

> Last week the Ember community went on another extraordinary trip into the metropolitan wilderness of Illinois:

Reviewer: I think you used "another" to indicate that EmberCamp is in its 2nd year. However, since there isn't a mention of the year, I thought "an" may be better.
```suggestion
Last week, the Ember community went on an extraordinary trip into the metropolitan wilderness of Illinois:
```

[**EmberCamp 2019**](https://embercamp.com) took place in Chicago on September 16th and was insightful, exciting and entertaining as always!

With twelve, versed speakers, the schedule offered thoughtful insights into:

- what's new in Ember with its [first edition, Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/)
- how [Embroider](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider) and Ember will literally build a future together

> - everything you need to know to build **accessible JavaScript apps** in 2019

Reviewer: "everything" sounds cool, but I think an accurate summary may be that the community learned how to write semantic HTML to improve their app's accessibility. What are your thoughts?

Author: Yeah, I think this is an accurate summary for Marie's talk, but I was thinking that points in this list here might also expand on bits and pieces of several talks, instead of describing  a single specific one. E.g. the audience learnt about accessibility concerns for giving control over animation playback to the user in James' talk, or  Matt's talk was highlighting how different map library solutions are more or less accessible and developers should take this into consideration when choosing one

What are your thoughts?

Reviewer: Ah, I see. I didn't consider the possibility that we actually learned about accessibility from more than one talk. Yep, what you wrote makes sense now, thanks!

> - how to level up your app's **performance** with worker super powers or well-balanced animations

Reviewer: I think animations may be a counterpoint to improving performance. To list both workers and animations under the same item, maybe:
```suggestion
- how to level up your app with *web workers** and meaningful **animations**
```

- strategies for stable and reliable test suites
- ...and many, many more topics!

One particular highlight of the camping trip was the ["May I Ask a Question" live event](https://stackoverflow.blog/2019/09/20/meet-the-developer-who-took-stack-overflow-from-screen-to-stage/)
that both [Jen Weber (@jwwweber)](https://twitter.com/jwwweber) and [Preston Sego (@nullvoxpopuli)](https://twitter.com/nullvoxpopuli) led and hosted, answering burning questions from the community.

Missed out on the conference, but still want to catch up before the recordings are out?

> Be sure to check out [Jordan Hawker's (@elwayman02)](https://github.com/elwayman02) comprehensive [EmberCamp summary](https://github.com/elwayman02/embercamp), including talk notes and slides for the entire programme.

Reviewer: Can we link to the Markdown file so that clicking on it shows the summary right away?
```suggestion
Be sure to check out [Jordan Hawker's (@elwayman02)](https://github.com/elwayman02) comprehensive [EmberCamp summary](https://github.com/elwayman02/embercamp/blob/master/2019.md), including talk notes and slides for the entire programme.
```
